RFC: Add SEND_RATE parameter for paced FETCH delivery (#1565)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

After sending a NEW_GROUP_REQUEST upstream, the request is considered
outstanding until the Largest Group increases.

### SEND RATE Parameter {#send-rate}

The SEND_RATE parameter (Parameter Type 0x34) is a varint.  It MAY
appear in a FETCH or REQUEST_UPDATE for a fetch.  The value is the rate
in kilobits per second at which the publisher SHOULD pace the delivery
of Objects in the response.  A value of 0 indicates no pacing
constraint; the publisher delivers as fast as the congestion controller
allows.  This is the default behavior when the parameter is absent.

The subscriber can update the send rate during an active fetch by
sending a REQUEST_UPDATE with a new SEND_RATE value.

The publisher SHOULD pace Object delivery to approximately the requested
rate.  The publisher MAY exceed the requested rate in short bursts, for
example at the beginning of a Group, to allow the subscriber to build

> an initial buffer.  The publisher MUST NOT use SEND_RATE to pace below

Reviewer: if the subscriber wants a different burst rate, it will ask for it. The publisher should never attempt to anticipate a buffering behavior on the subscriber. Exceeding the requested rate for short bursts should be allowed in order to simplify the senders rate-control implementation. 
```suggestion
rate.  The rate limit is a request only and is not guaranteed. The publisher MAY exceed the requested rate in short bursts.  The publisher MUST NOT use SEND_RATE to pace below
```

> the congestion controller's minimum rate; the congestion controller's

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we need this sentence.
